newgame/quests/Quest.java
 newgame.quests.Quest
 newgame.quests.Quest$1
 newgame.quests.QuestRewards
newgame/animations/TrapAnimations.java
 newgame.animations.TrapAnimations
 newgame.animations.TrapAnimations$1
 newgame.animations.TrapAnimations$Animations
newgame/characters/MiniBoss.java
 newgame.characters.MiniBoss
newgame/characters/Hero.java
 newgame.characters.Hero
 newgame.characters.Hero$1
newgame/items/weapons/rangedweapons/RangedWeapon.java
 newgame.items.weapons.rangedweapons.RangedWeapon
com/badlogic/ashley/systems/IteratingSystem.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.systems.IteratingSystem
newgame/items/weapons/meleeweapons/MeleeWeapon.java
 newgame.items.weapons.meleeweapons.MeleeWeapon
newgame/items/weapons/rangedweapons/Staff.java
 newgame.items.weapons.rangedweapons.Staff
newgame/characters/ai/PassiveAttackStrategy.java
 newgame.characters.ai.PassiveAttackStrategy
newgame/Components/EasyMonsterKi.java
 newgame.Components.EasyMonsterKi
newgame/animations/CharacterAnimations.java
 newgame.animations.CharacterAnimations
 newgame.animations.CharacterAnimations$1
 newgame.animations.CharacterAnimations$Animations
newgame/textures/ItemTextures.java
 newgame.textures.ItemTextures
newgame/logger/InventoryHudLogVisitor.java
 newgame.logger.InventoryHudLogVisitor
newgame/items/weapons/Weapon.java
 newgame.items.weapons.Weapon
newgame/items/Item.java
 newgame.items.Item
newgame/textures/WeaponTextures.java
 newgame.textures.WeaponTextures
newgame/animations/ChestAnimations.java
 newgame.animations.ChestAnimations
 newgame.animations.ChestAnimations$1
 newgame.animations.ChestAnimations$Animations
newgame/Components/Velocity.java
 newgame.Components.Velocity
newgame/inventory/HeroEquipment.java
 newgame.inventory.HeroEquipment
newgame/characters/ai/RangedAttackStrategy.java
 newgame.characters.ai.RangedAttackStrategy
com/badlogic/ashley/core/Component.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.Component
newgame/items/weapons/Projectile.java
 newgame.items.weapons.Projectile
newgame/items/ItemGenerator.java
 newgame.items.ItemGenerator
newgame/gui/PlayerStatsHud.java
 newgame.gui.PlayerStatsHud
com/badlogic/ashley/core/Family.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.Family
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.Family$Builder
com/badlogic/ashley/core/EntitySystem.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.EntitySystem
newgame/characters/Wizard.java
 newgame.characters.Wizard
newgame/quests/IQuestProgressObserver.java
 newgame.quests.IQuestProgressObserver
newgame/inventory/InventoryTypes.java
 newgame.inventory.InventoryTypes
newgame/quests/QuestProgressAttributes.java
 newgame.quests.QuestProgressAttributes
newgame/IHashableEntity.java
 newgame.IHashableEntity
com/badlogic/ashley/signals/Listener.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.signals.Listener
newgame/inventory/Inventory.java
 newgame.inventory.Inventory
 newgame.inventory.Inventory$1
com/badlogic/ashley/utils/ImmutableArray.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.utils.ImmutableArray
newgame/Components/Position.java
 newgame.Components.Position
newgame/gui/HudHandler.java
 newgame.gui.HudHandler
newgame/characters/ai/IAttackStrategy.java
 newgame.characters.ai.IAttackStrategy
newgame/characters/Monster.java
 newgame.characters.Monster
 newgame.characters.Monster$1
 newgame.characters.Monster$WalkingDirections
newgame/items/ItemType.java
 newgame.items.ItemType
com/badlogic/ashley/core/ComponentMapper.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.ComponentMapper
newgame/items/Potion.java
 newgame.items.Potion
newgame/characters/ai/MeleeAttackStrategy.java
 newgame.characters.ai.MeleeAttackStrategy
newgame/Components/Health.java
 newgame.Components.Health
newgame/logger/InventoryConsoleLogVisitor.java
 newgame.logger.InventoryConsoleLogVisitor
com/badlogic/ashley/core/ComponentOperationHandler.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.ComponentOperationHandler
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.ComponentOperationHandler$1
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.ComponentOperationHandler$BooleanInformer
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.ComponentOperationHandler$ComponentOperation
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.ComponentOperationHandler$ComponentOperation$Type
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.ComponentOperationHandler$ComponentOperationPool
newgame/characters/Character.java
 newgame.characters.Character
 newgame.characters.Character$AnimationStates
newgame/logger/EventsLogFormatter.java
 newgame.logger.EventsLogFormatter
com/badlogic/ashley/core/EntityListener.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.EntityListener
newgame/logger/LogMessages.java
 newgame.logger.LogMessages
newgame/logger/InventoryLogVisitor.java
 newgame.logger.InventoryLogVisitor
com/badlogic/ashley/core/FamilyManager.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.FamilyManager
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.FamilyManager$BitsPool
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.FamilyManager$EntityListenerData
newgame/items/Spell.java
 newgame.items.Spell
newgame/items/Chest.java
 newgame.items.Chest
 newgame.items.Chest$AnimationStates
com/badlogic/ashley/core/EntityManager.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.EntityManager
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.EntityManager$1
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.EntityManager$EntityOperation
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.EntityManager$EntityOperation$Type
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.EntityManager$EntityOperationPool
newgame/HeroObserver.java
 newgame.HeroObserver
newgame/items/weapons/WeaponType.java
 newgame.items.weapons.WeaponType
newgame/gui/IPlayerHudEntity.java
 newgame.gui.IPlayerHudEntity
newgame/logger/GameEventsLogger.java
 newgame.logger.GameEventsLogger
newgame/DesktopLauncher.java
 newgame.DesktopLauncher
com/badlogic/ashley/core/ComponentType.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.ComponentType
com/badlogic/ashley/systems/IntervalSystem.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.systems.IntervalSystem
newgame/items/weapons/rangedweapons/Bow.java
 newgame.items.weapons.rangedweapons.Bow
newgame/gui/InventoryHud.java
 newgame.gui.InventoryHud
com/badlogic/ashley/systems/SortedIteratingSystem.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.systems.SortedIteratingSystem
newgame/items/Satchel.java
 newgame.items.Satchel
newgame/items/weapons/meleeweapons/RegularSword.java
 newgame.items.weapons.meleeweapons.RegularSword
newgame/textures/TrapTextures.java
 newgame.textures.TrapTextures
newgame/items/Shield.java
 newgame.items.Shield
com/badlogic/ashley/core/Entity.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.Entity
com/badlogic/ashley/core/Engine.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.Engine
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.Engine$ComponentListener
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.Engine$EngineDelayedInformer
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.Engine$EngineEntityListener
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.Engine$EngineSystemListener
newgame/quests/QuestList.java
 newgame.quests.QuestList
newgame/textures/CharacterTextures.java
 newgame.textures.CharacterTextures
newgame/inventory/HeroInventory.java
 newgame.inventory.HeroInventory
com/badlogic/ashley/core/PooledEngine.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.PooledEngine
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.PooledEngine$ComponentPools
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.PooledEngine$EntityPool
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.PooledEngine$PooledEntity
newgame/characters/EasyMonster.java
 newgame.characters.EasyMonster
newgame/characters/HardMonster.java
 newgame.characters.HardMonster
newgame/traps/Trap.java
 newgame.traps.Trap
 newgame.traps.Trap$AnimationStates
com/badlogic/ashley/signals/Signal.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.signals.Signal
com/badlogic/ashley/systems/IntervalIteratingSystem.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.systems.IntervalIteratingSystem
com/badlogic/ashley/utils/Bag.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.utils.Bag
newgame/DamageDetails.java
 newgame.DamageDetails
 newgame.DamageDetails$DamageDirections
newgame/CollisionHandler.java
 newgame.CollisionHandler
com/badlogic/ashley/core/SystemManager.java
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.SystemManager
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.SystemManager$SystemComparator
 com.badlogic.ashley.core.SystemManager$SystemListener
newgame/traps/ActivationType.java
 newgame.traps.ActivationType
newgame/items/DungeonItem.java
 newgame.items.DungeonItem
newgame/Components/Animation.java
 newgame.Components.Animation
newgame/Systems/AnimationSystem.java
 newgame.Systems.AnimationSystem
newgame/GameHandler.java
 newgame.GameHandler
newgame/MainClass.java
 newgame.MainClass
